{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Chinese Post-game serious or funny reactions posts and comments on Quarterfinals Day 2 I bet Chinese media and some reddit users are gonna translate the reaction comments under the game result post of Weibo or Tieba. I found it hard not to find the same source with them. This time, I try to translate some new post by Chinese netizens after the games. Hope you enjoy.   \
**Comment below if you need the comment reactions post as usual. Ill try to make one then.       \
Still sad for all lck teams. I stopped halfway of that post. Might post it tmr depends on how many people actually look at this post**     \
-       \
[Source](https://nga.178.com/read.php?tid=15414106) \
\
  \
**Title: [Boring discovery] About the teams from Asia that are eliminated**.   \
Link the first letter of those Asian teams that are eliminated [Translator: this actually ignores a lot of teams, Gen.g, DFM,MAD and so on]    \
\
**F**W        \
**A**FS       \
**K**T       \
**E**DG       \
**R**NG       \
\
**Comments:**    \
1)You are really talented       \
\
2)Cant find reasons to refute you        \
\
EDIT: 3) [Photo claimed that Faker predicted afs,edg,rng or kt to win worlds](https://m.imgur.com/NzN5llt?r) \{Translator: This photo is spread all over Chinese communities. Yet the truth is, [Faker doesnt know who will win and doesnt even watch Worlds](https://m.weibo.cn/status/4297656500638256)\}\
\
-       \
\
[Source](https://m.hupu.com/bbs/24026210.html)       \
\
  \
**Title: When can LPL get a S-series Champion!**      \
\
[Omitted paragraphs on edgs game]     \
......          \
(It is) The eighth years, When ig knocked down kt , (I) really thought this year can get the Champions         \
\
LPL, How long does it takes for us Chinese summoners to wait till you get the trophy......         \
\
**Comments:**     \
1) ig versus g2 should not have big problems, g2s weaknesses are too obvious, c9 and fnc are all hard bones, (have) lots of things and strategies to outclass, and perform well at team fight, a bit hard to gnaw.       \
\
**Re-Replies:** That Quarterfinalist Worlds Champions also thought the same [Translator: Maybe talking about RNG?]      \
\
      \
\
[Source](https://m.hupu.com/bbs/24027704.html)     \
\
**Title: Perkz: Nike, you should come and find me**    \
\
https://twitter.com/G2Perkz/status/1053973217138724866?s=20      \
hmu @Nike       \
(Hit me up @Nike)    \
\
**Comments:**    \
1) https://imgur.com/g16u3Wx      \
(Starring with Uzi, Xiaohu, Perkz, Wadid)       \
Photo: Gave you chances but you are not talented enough to grab it       \
\
2) No much to say, as they played so good and we lost so cowardly.\
When I look at his trash talk now, it really doesnt affect my emotions. I even want to click a Like for him.\
\
3)Mercedes-Benz can also find you, not only Nike.[Translator: remember that Benz sponsored RNG for one year ;)]\
\
4) Actually those who familiar with Perkz all know that  he simply just like to say something but not really taking action, similar to us send on our (social media) friends group.\
        \
-     \
\
[Source](https://m.hupu.com/bbs/24028307.html)\
        \
**Title: (If you think about the situation right now)It is still alright......LCK next door (is)**     \
\
Much more terrible than us...... Two quarterfinals, one knocked out from group stage.        \
\
At least we still have a semi-finalist.       \
\
Hahahaha(laugh with cry emoji)......Ah Q mentality on us [Translator: Which mean the thought of self-comforting]      \
\
1) Next door [Translator: those Koreas forums] are flaming that these (LCK) teams causing Griffin (the team) that good at team fight need stay home and cannot come out (to participate the tournament).        \
\
2) Waited for 6 years,lpl eventually stronger than lck, but never thought that it (happened) in this way...       \
\
3) But (our) next door can console themselves that their best person are not in the front, their loincloth can stay home and drink water [Translator: which means they are safe and calm even with this results],but we are not the same.        \
\
4) How many times did LCK got Champions, whereas LPL (Smile with sweat emoji)         \
\
-     \
   \
[Source](https://nga.178.com/read.php?tid=15414738)      \
\
  \
**Title: Suddenly realise a horrible matter. Who are (the teams that can) scrim with IG?**     \
\
...All RNGs mental might already went boom..(going) back to Beijing now.         \
Dont know about EDG..        \
Do they have to (play) rank to keep the condition?       \
Therefore..I already satisfied with (the result of) semi-final..       \
Dont know who can ig book scrim with,(this matter is) really f*ing annoying      \
\
1) Frankly, last year ig put their hearts and efforts to practise together with them [Translator: talking about last year ig practised and scrim for at least 2 weeks with LPL teams even they are not in Worlds]         \
This year...that team that are done with the matches just go home directly.        \
\
2) If we really cannot book scrim with C9 (and) FNC...How about we also try some Fortnite(?)        \
 "\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}